docs: add new scaling command website documentation. (#9143)
hashicorp/nomad: website/pages/docs/commands/scaling/policy-info.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: 'Commands: scaling policy info'
sidebar_title: policy info
description: |
  Display an individual Nomad scaling policy.
---

# Command: scaling policy info

> Info is used to read the specified scaling policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Info is used to return detailed information on the specified scaling policy.
```
